---
author: "Dreamer On A Cloud"
title: "Asakusa"
date: "17/11/2023"
image: "./images/asakusa.png"
description: "Travelled to the other side of the city, Asakusa. It looked completely different."
tags: ["japan", "tokyo"]
---

Kostas had a fever all night.
After a long sleep he still felt sick.
We still managed to get breakfast, and today we switch hotels to Asakusa.

Was a rainy morning in Tokyo, we took it chill. Found a printer store (kinko's) to print our Vietnam visa. The lady at the printer store was very helpful, since we couldn't read any of the Japanese instructions. She explained to us everything, from how to login to their local  wifi (interneto) to how to use the machine to print the docs (printo).

Travelled to the other side of the city, Asakusa. It looked completely different. More low buildings, less fancy skyscrapers, more cute stores, less commercials.

Had japanese riceballs for lunch at a tiny, cozy tradinional place.

Went to see senso-ji temple. Very crowded, but interesting to see. People dressed in tradinional Japanese outfits (even tourists), locals, schoolkids, tourists, all visiting the temple, and walking the busy streets around it, full of stores and food stalls.

Went to Ueno station to buy train tickets for the days ahead. The ticket man was very helpful, but struggled to understand us, so he bowed politely (and somewhat subordinately, we felt) and raised a tablet up to us, with google translate, voice-enabled, English to japanese at the ready.
Job complete, got all the tickets.

In the evening we took a stroll in the Ueno park. Beautiful shrine in the park, surrounded by huge one leaf plants, rising up from the water. After that, we were exhausted, paracetamol wore out, and fever returned. Time to call it a day.