---
author: "Dreamer On A Cloud"
title: "Fujikawaguchiko"
date: "16/11/2023"
image: "../images/fuji.png"
description: "We woke up early to catch a bus, which was in Shibuja. Off to Fuji!"
tags: ["japan", "tokyo"]
---

We woke up early to catch a bus, which was in Shibuja. It was hard to find, as it was departing from the 5th floor of a shopping mall! When we departed the bus casually just went slightly down the building from the backside that was somehow lelevl ground now?! (This city works in layers)

Nice opportunity to get an image of how huge the city is. Never seen such a sea of concrete spanning for kilometers, far as the eye can see. 

Got lucky with the weather, full sun.
From the bus we could already see mt Fuji in full glory. Saw mt Fuji from multiple sides.

Arrived at destinstion, lake Kawaguchiko. Super tourist. The lake was beautiful, with autumn foliage at its peak. 

Took the ropeway up for a better foto view of mt Fuji.
Afterwards we hiked down the hill. We enjoyed that part the most, being in nature, seeing all the colorful leaves, and from there we even spotted a more dreamy viewpoint.

We attempted to make a good selfie with a perfect shot of mt Fuji, but failed miserably.

Right before were done with the hike, we saw a minimalistic fountain with a dragon. As we took a closer look, we spotted a beautifully colored little bird. We stood still to watch it, and it became less shy, came closer and took a bath in the fountain. A tourist also came to have a peek and the bird immediately took off.
Once tourist was gone, bird flew back 🐥

At last, we stoppes for lunch before heading back and had a huge metal pot of seasonal, local veggies and noodle soup. Yum yum.

Day complete. Slept in the bus on the way back, but then misery struck . Kostas got a fever .