---
author: "Dreamer On A Cloud"
title: "Nikko & Akihabara"
date: "19/11/2023"
image: "./images/nikko.png"
description: "Nikko is like a temple complex in the middle of the foresty mountains."
tags: ["japan", "tokyo"]
---

We woke up early to go to Nikko. Still felt a bit destroyed, so in the train we mostly slept. Nikko is like a temple complex in the middle of the foresty mountains. Many tourists, especially with the magnificent autumn foliage currently.

Impressive shrines, temples, gardens, gates, decorated paths and, of course, nature. We didn't find the main temple, toshogu, to be the most beautiful, but another more minor one instead, which was only reachable via many steep stairs.

After visiting the temples we stopped at a food stand, which was basically the back of a Japanese van, turned into a kitchen.
An elderly japanese couple were making tai-yaki, traditional filled waffles in the shape of a carp. Yum, we'll have 4, thanks!

Back to the train now, and anto the next destination: Akihabara.
Tired still as we may have been, we couls not miss this spot, famous for being the anime center of the world.

After the train back to Tokyo, we took the metro to Akihabara, and a young man stood up and offered me his seat. So kind, and perhaps he noticed a hint of tiredness in my eyes and took pity. 

The anime center area was busy as a beehive, but the Japanese are masters of awareness and consideration, so none of them bumped into us. Lots of maid café maids, luring you in along the sidewalks. Lots of advertisements, lights and sounds. 
We entered a few big anime stores with, on average 8 floors, in search of cool figureheads. We found a badass female warrior in full bidy Armour for Faye. Not sure which anime it's from, but we like it.
Kostas was looking for goku on a cloud, but tough luck.. we couldn't find that this time.

Overall, we got a bit disappointed. The merchendise seems to be mainly focused on sexy characters, and less on the anime storytelling and characters.

Phew, that was a day with variety. Time to hit the hotel and call it a day.