---
author: "Dreamer On A Cloud"
title: "Shibuya & Roppongi"
date: "15/11/2023"
image: "./images/shibuya.png"
description: "Explored Shibuja crossing (fast & furious movie spot) and around."
tags: ["japan", "tokyo"]
---

Explored Shibuja crossing (fast & furious movie spot) and around.

Went in the Shibuya scramble square mall, and wanted to buy everything because they make it so kawaıi (cute). Saw elegant clothes, fluffy dolls & sweets, gadgets, stationary, manga-inspired souvenirs, and much more.

Went to the popular shopping street in Omotesando. Saw the most refined & expensive etalages of stores, like dior.

Saw an animal etalage with cute dogs and cats, but made us a bit sad, as it seemed they were being showcased just for their appearance and were tired.

Yoyogi park:
Really enjoyed the serenity, pretty autumn foliage, special (to us) plants and flowers.
A lot of people playing or practicing together, eg. a group of girls making a video of their dance, or a young man recording a tap dance.
Also heard relaxing saxophone tones.

Food:
Found a sushi place near Roppongi.
Had to use a monitor at the entrance to check-in first. We weren't certain if we did it right, but the lady waiting behind us in queue helped us immediately(!)
Fresh, delicous sushi, we saw the chefs making it in front of us 🍣

Roppongi district:
Overwhelming, big busy streets with multiple layers of roads in the sky . Expensive cars, peculiar bars and clubs .
Went to Roppongi Hills and saw:
- a big square made as a hill, 
- a huge spider statue next to christmas decorated trees 🤷‍♂️ 
- the Tokyo tower in the distance 
And found the "mouth of truth", a statue that is said to eat off the hand of any liar that places it in its mouth 